you mentioned your new responsibilities
in the front office how's TUF step in
just you know bouncing that and it's
been good it's been uh you know which
you can see that you need other guys in
the office to do most of the work
honestly it's just nice to be able to
beautiful the trigger you say no or yes
but it's a lot of work it's more you
know this usually like on this trip I
would have just been preparing for
basketball but we had so many injuries
you know I'm sitting around with our
guys looking at film of guys that I
really didn't want to have to look at no
and then you had to make a decision and
we brought in Steven Jackson you know we
sign him yesterday and he's going to
play tonight nearly plate tonight and
we'll see how that goes it's a nicer
together you have to be really like to
have boys it's nice you know it's not
like I didn't have one here you know I
just wasn't the voice I couldn't do what
I wanted to do anytime I wanted to do it
but Danny and I work pretty well
together now we have and still do we had
a hell of a relationship I think as far
as I'm concerned a model relationship as
far as if you can have a coach in the GM
I don't know if there was a better duo
as far as getting along in the league in
our top
well I don't really care about the Nets
but I do i do really care about kg and
Paul I hate it I mean I don't want them
to I just don't want them to do poorly
you know tomorrow night I do but you
don't I mean you want them to do well
you want Kevin and Paul you just wanted
to end well for them and I think when
they get all healthy it will I think
it's way too early right now to say that
what they're doing there is a failure
right now it is I think later it will
not be if they get healthy and right I
don't think any team in front of them
will want to see them in the playoffs ya
know and I think they will be in the
playoffs no I thought honestly I think
he was willing to do that this year here
I do I think if he had been here I don't
think he would have had a problem with
Paul isn't mature guy I mean he's grown
over the years and I think he
understands the way he scores by playing
less minutes probably means he can play
about four or five more years so he's a
basketball player and probably needs to
play